Improve plan documentation (#2755)
EnMasseProject/enmasse: documentation/modules/con-address-space-plans.adoc

{ProductName} includes a default set of plans that are sufficient for most use cases.

Plans are configured as custom resources. The following example shows a plan for the standard address space:

[source,yaml,options="nowrap"]
----
apiVersion: admin.enmasse.io/v1beta2
kind: AddressSpacePlan
metadata:
  name: restrictive-plan
  labels:
    app: enmasse
spec:
  displayName: Restrictive Plan
  displayOrder: 0
  infraConfigRef: default <1>
  shortDescription: A plan with restrictive quotas
  longDescription: A plan with restrictive quotas for the standard address space
  addressSpaceType: standard <2>
  addressPlans: <3>
  - small-queue
  - small-anycast
  resourceLimits: <4>
    router: 2.0
    broker: 2.0
    aggregate: 2.0
----
<1> A reference to the `StandardInfraConfig` (for the `standard` address space type) or the `BrokeredInfraConfig` (for the `brokered` address space type) describing the infrastructure deployed for address spaces using this plan.
<2> The address space type this plan applies to, either `standard` or `brokered`.
<3> A list of address plans available to address spaces using this plan.

> <4> The max amount of `router` and `broker` for address spaces using this plan. For the `brokered` address space type, only the `broker` field is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<4> The maximum number of routers (`router`) and brokers (`broker`) for address spaces using this plan. For the `brokered` address space type, only the `broker` field is required.
```
